OSDOCS-6743 (#65180)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-attaching-the-policy.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa-adding-additional-constraints-for-ip-based-aws-role-assumption/rosa-attaching-the-policy.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-attaching-the-policy_{context}"]
= Attaching the Identity-based IAM policy

:context: rosa-attaching-the-policy

toc::[]

Once you have created an Identity-based IAM policy, you need to attach it to the relevant IAM users, groups, or roles in your AWS account. This enforces IP-based role assumption prevention for those entities.

.Procedure

. Navigate to the IAM console in the AWS Management Console.

> . Select the IAM user, group, or role to which you want to attach the policy.

Reviewer: From my perspective we need to be more specific as to which user, group, or role should be selected.

Author: Can SME or @yuwang-RH help here? Thank you!

Author: Considering the urgency of this Jira, would really appreciate if we get detailed information or comments if any for this PR. This will help us to incorporate the changes (if any) asap. Thank you!

Author: @geowa4 Are any updates needed here? Thank you for your support!

Author: Please see slack thread: https://redhat-internal.slack.com/archives/CCX9DB894/p1695974964400189?thread_ts=1695913650.974079&cid=CCX9DB894

> . In the *permissions* tab, click *Add inline policy* or *Attach existing policies*.

Reviewer 2: On AWS console,the tab and button names are different now, they are 'Permissions', 'Add Permissions' and 'Create inline policy' in the dropdown box of 'Add Permissions'.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa-adding-additional-constraints-for-ip-based-aws-role-assumption/rosa-attaching-the-policy.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-attaching-the-policy_{context}"]

> = Attaching the Identity-based IAM policy

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
= Attaching the identity-based IAM policy
```

:context: rosa-attaching-the-policy

toc::[]

> Once you have created an Identity-based IAM policy, you need to attach it to the relevant IAM users, groups, or roles in your AWS account. This enforces IP-based role assumption prevention for those entities.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once you have created an identity-based IAM policy, attach it to the relevant IAM users, groups, or roles in your AWS account to prevent IP-based role assumption for those entities.
```

.Procedure

. Navigate to the IAM console in the AWS Management Console.
. Select the default IAM `ManagedOpenShift-Support-Role` role to which you want to attach the policy.
+
[NOTE]
====

> You can change the default IAM `ManagedOpenShift-Support-Role` role. For more information about roles, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/rosa/rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-sre-access.html#rosa-policy-rh-access_rosa-sre-access[Red Hat support access]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can change the default IAM `ManagedOpenShift-Support-Role` role. For more information about roles, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/rosa/rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-sre-access.html#rosa-policy-rh-access_rosa-sre-access[Red Hat support access]. 
```

====
+

> . In the *Permissions* tab, select *Add Permissions* or *Create inline policy* from the drop-down list of *Add Permissions*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the *Permissions* tab, select *Add Permissions* or *Create inline policy* from the *Add Permissions* drop-down list.
```

> . Search for the policy you created earlier by:

Author: Line 26, 27, and 28 seems correct here. I will add period at the end of sub points.

> . Search for the policy you created earlier by:

Author: Let me know if you have other thoughts.

> .. Entering the policy name 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Enter the policy name. 
```

Author: Added period at the end.

> .. Filtering by the appropriate category

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Filter by the appropriate category.
```

Author: Added period at end.

> . Select the policy and click *Attach policy* to complete the process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Select the policy and click *Attach policy*.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> To ensure the effectiveness of IP-based role assumption prevention, it is crucial to keep the allowlisted IPs up to date. Failure to do so may result in Red Hat site reliability engineering (SRE) being unable to access your account, and your SLA could be affected. If you have any further questions or require assistance, please reach out to our support team.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To ensure effective IP-based role assumption prevention, you must keep the allowlisted IPs up to date. Failure to do so may result in Red Hat site reliability engineering (SRE) being unable to access your account and affect your SLA. If you have further questions or require assistance, please reach out to our support team.
```
